# CS-255
The DriverPass project was an attempt to build a system that would encompass a web/mobile application to provide customers with online and in person driver's training. The clients were the owner and IT specialist for the already established DriverPass company. The type of system they wanted me to design was an web page that could be accessed from the web and mobile devices. This system would be built for customers to access it and purchase driving packages to receive training.
Some thing I did particurarly well was developing the Use case diagram. I also felt like I did well designing UML activity diagram from the Use cases of logging in and making the drivers pavckage purchase. The logging in diagram I am particuraly proud of. 
If I could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise I would choose to improve my business requirements document. I would improve it by making it more organized and easier to read. I would also add more requirement as I learn more about how to develop and implement systems.
I interpreted the user’s needs and implemented them into my system design by reading a transript from an interview of the clients. It so important to consider the user’s needs when designing systems because they are the client and you are tailoring the system toward their buisness and their needs. 
I approach designing software by first learning about the client and what it is that they are trying to do with their system. Next I will begin to research the different techinical requirements needed to accomplish their goal. Finally I will begin to build diagrams to visualize the system I intend to build. 
The techniques or strategies I would use in the future to analyze and design a system is to speak with the clients and ask them all the questions I have about their wants and needs
